# 什么样子
[如何看待池子发文称，「总有人问他脱口秀是什么样子，但肯定不是杨笠这个样子」而遭到网友围攻？](https://www.zhihu.com/question/436555197/answer/1648640856)


> Author: #NellNell 
Last update: *21/08/2021* 
Links:
Tags: 

  

这些大概都不是脱口秀：

  
“So unfair that HPV is undetectable in males. HPV is a ghost that lives inside men's bodies, and then says BOO in women's bodies.”

  

“i mean, nothing makes me feel more powerful than when a white dude xxx... He’s so vulnerable down there, I’m like, “I could just crush your head at any moment…”

  

“A lot of people like to ask me how to balance family and career. Men never get asked that question, because they don’t (balance family and career).”

  

“I can already see how there’s, like, this crazy double standard in our society of how it takes so little to be considered a great dad. And it also takes so little to be considered a shitty mom. People praise my husband for coming to all of my doctor’s appointments with me. ‘Oh, my God. I can’t believe he comes to all your doctor’s appointments. He is so supportive.’ Guess who else has to go to those doctor appointments: Me! I’m the star of the show. There’s nothing for the camera to see if I’m not there. But he’s the hero for playing Candy Crush while I get my blood drawn.”

  

"You gotta make this dude believe that your body is a secret garden, when really it’s a public park."

  

"You wanna be a grown-ass woman, stop dating skaters. They’re sexy on the outside, malt liquor on the inside."

  

"Women love to be dominated in bed. We’re so in control all the time that we just want to experience some sort of risk. I don’t want to die, but I also don’t want to be sure that I’m going to live."

  

…………